Docs - provide additional feature docs on `DatabricksInfoProvider` (#45)
arcus-azure/arcus.backgroundjobs: docs/preview/index.md

    - [Securely Receive CloudEvents](features/cloudevent/receive-cloudevents-job)
- **Security**
    - [Automatically invalidate cached secrets from Azure Key Vault](features/security/auto-invalidate-secrets)
- **Databricks**
    - [Measure Databricks job run outcomes as metric](features/databricks/job-metrics)

>     - [Interact with Databricks to gain insights](features/databricks/gain-insights)

Reviewer: The current file is still called docs/preview/features/databricks/databricks-info-provider.md, can we rename it please?

Author: Yes, will do.

>         - [Interact directly with Databricks for full control of job measurement](features/databricks/databricks-info-provider)

Reviewer: Let's put them on the same level:
```suggestion
    - [Interact with Databricks to gain insights](features/databricks/gain-insights)
```
